\# Movie Application - Rest2Night

Welcome to our Movie Application! This application is designed to
provide you with an enjoyable and personalized movie experience. Explore
a wide range of movies, add your favorites to your wishlist, participate
in daily quizzes, and unlock movies with earned coins.

\## Table of Contents

1\. \[Features\](#features) 2. \[Installation\](#installation) 3.
\[Usage\](#usage)  - \[Main Page\](#main-page)  - \[Movie
Page\](#movie-page)  - \[Wishlist\](#wishlist)  - \[Quizzes\](#quizzes)
4. \[Recommendations\](#recommendations) 5. \[User
Authentication\](#user-authentication) 6. \[Coin System\](#coin-system)
7. \[Filters\](#filters)

\## Features

\- \*\*Browse Movies\*\*: Scroll through a list of movies on the main
page. - \*\*View Movie Details\*\*: Click on \"View Details\" to see
detailed information about any movie. - \*\*Add to Wishlist\*\*: Add
movies to your wishlist for easy access later. - \*\*Rate and
Comment\*\*: Rate and leave comments on movie pages. - \*\*Daily
Quizzes\*\*: Answer daily quizzes to earn coins. - \*\*Unlock
Movies\*\*: Use earned coins to unlock and view certain movies. -
\*\*Filters\*\*: Find movies by genres, occupation, age, gender, and
occasion-based recommendations.

\## Installation

1\. Clone the repository: \`\`\`bash git clone
https://github.com/cse364-unist/projects-group12.git \`\`\` 2. Navigate
to the project directory: \`\`\`bash cd Rest2nightApplication \`\`\` 3.
Install dependencies: \`\`\`bash npm install \`\`\` 4. Start the
application: \`\`\`bash npm start \`\`\`

\## Usage

\### Main Page

The main page showcases a list of all available movies. You can scroll
through and explore different movies. Each movie card provides an option
to view details or add the movie to your wishlist.

\- \*\*View Details\*\*: Click the \"View Details\" button on a movie
card to navigate to the movie\'s detail page. - \*\*Add to Wishlist\*\*:
Click the \"Add to Wishlist\" button to add the movie to your wishlist.
A notification will confirm the successful addition.

\### Movie Page

On the movie page, you can: - \*\*Rate the Movie\*\*: Give the movie a
star rating. - \*\*Leave a Comment\*\*: Write and submit comments about
the movie. - \*\*View Comments\*\*: Read comments left by other users.

\### Wishlist

Your wishlist contains all the movies you\'ve added. Here, you can: -
\*\*Watch\*\*: Go to the movie\'s page - \*\*Delete\*\*: Remove movies
from your wishlist by clicking the \"Delete\" button.

\### Quizzes

Participate in daily quizzes to earn coins. Each correct answer earns
you 10 coins, which can be used to unlock movies.

\## Recommendations

Above the movie cards on the main page, you\'ll find movie
recommendations based on your occasion (e.g., family night, date night,
etc.). These recommendations help you find the perfect movie for any
event.

\## User Authentication

To add movies to your wishlist or participate in quizzes, you need to be
logged in. If you don\'t have an account, you can register and then log
in.

\- \*\*Login\*\*: Access your account by clicking the login button. -
\*\*Register\*\*: Create a new account if you don't have one.

\## Coin System

\- \*\*Earn Coins\*\*: Earn 10 coins by answering daily quizzes. -
\*\*Spend Coins\*\*: Use coins to unlock certain movies on the main
page.

Your coin balance is displayed in the top right corner of the header.

\## Filters

Use various filters on the main page to find movies that suit your
preferences: - \*\*Genres\*\*: Filter movies by genres like Action,
Drama, Comedy, etc. - \*\*Occupation\*\*: Find movies based on
characters\' occupations. - \*\*Age\*\*: Filter movies suitable for
different age groups. - \*\*Gender\*\*: Choose movies based on
gender-specific themes. - \*\*Occasions\*\*: Get movie recommendations
for specific occasions like family night or date night.

Enjoy your movie experience with our application!
